Tsdk 220 document crypto module (#27)
Topl/sdk-spec: docs/Modules/Common/External Libraries/ByteVector/ByteVector.md

Returns the new `ByteVector`.

#### Errors

_*None*_

### takeWhile

#### Signature(s)

```
takeWhile(f: (Byte) returns Boolean) returns ByteVector
```

#### Description

Returns the longest prefix of this vector such that every byte of the prefix satisfies the specific predicate.

#### Parameters

* `f` — The predicate used to test bytes. This is a function that takes a byte and returns a boolean.

#### Returns

Returns the new `ByteVector`.

#### Errors

_*None*_

### splitAt

#### Signature(s)

```
splitAt(n: Long): Array[ByteVector]
```

#### Description

Returns an array of two vectors such that the first element is equal to `take(n)` and the second element is equal to
`drop(n)`.

#### Parameters

* `n` — The index at which to split this vector.

#### Returns

The array of two byte vectors.

#### Errors

_*None*_

### slice

#### Signature(s)

```
slice(from: Long, until: Long) returns ByteVector
```

#### Description

Returns a vector made up of the bytes starting at index from up to index until.

#### Parameters

* `from` — The index at which to start the slice.
* `until` — The index at which to end the slice.

#### Returns

Returns the new `ByteVector`.

#### Errors

> _*None*_

Reviewer: What if `from` or `until` are out of range or `until < from`?

### acquire

#### Signature(s)

```
acquire(n: Long) returns ByteVector
```

#### Description

Returns a vector whose contents are the results of taking the first n bytes of this vector.

_See also_: take

#### Parameters

* `n` — The number of bytes to take from the beginning of this vector. Negative values are treated as 0.

#### Returns

> Returns the number of bytes in this `ByteVector`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the first n bytes in this `ByteVector`.
```

#### Errors

Signals an error if this vector is empty.

### headOption

#### Signature(s)

```
headOption() returns Option[Byte]
```

#### Description

Returns the first byte of this vector or None if the vector is empty.

#### Parameters

_*None*_

#### Returns

Returns an Option containing the first byte of this vector or None if the vector is empty.

#### Errors

_*None*_

### tail

#### Signature(s)

```
tail() returns ByteVector
```

#### Description

Returns a vector containing all bytes in this vector except the first byte.

#### Parameters

_*None*_

#### Returns

Returns the new `ByteVector`.

#### Errors

_*None*_

### init

#### Signature(s)

```
init() returns ByteVector
```

#### Description

Returns a vector containing all bytes in this vector except the last byte.

#### Parameters

_*None*_

#### Returns

Returns the new `ByteVector`.

#### Errors

_*None*_

### last

#### Signature(s)

```
last() returns Byte
```

#### Description

Returns the last byte in this vector.

#### Parameters

_*None*_

#### Returns

Returns the last byte in this vector.

#### Errors

Signals an error if this vector is empty.

### tailOption

#### Signature(s)

```

> tailOption() returns Option[Byte]

Reviewer: Since this is mirroring last(), should this be lastOption()?

```

#### Description

Invokes compact on any subtrees whose size is <= chunkSize.

#### Parameters

* `chunkSize` — The threshold size of chunks to compact.

#### Returns

Returns the compacted `ByteVector`.

#### Errors

_*None*_

### copy

#### Signature(s)

```
copy() returns ByteVector
```

#### Description

Returns a vector with the same contents as this vector but with a single compacted node made up by evaluating all
internal nodes and concatenating their values.

#### Parameters

_*None*_

#### Returns

Returns the copied `ByteVector`.

#### Errors

_*None*_

### toArray

#### Signature(s)

```
toArray returns Array[Byte]
```

#### Description

Allocate a new array and copy the contents of this vector into it.

#### Parameters

_*None*_

#### Returns

Returns the byte array.

#### Errors

_*None*_

### copyToArray

#### Signature(s)

```
copyToArray(xs: Array[Byte], start: Int)
copyToArray(xs: Array[Byte], start: Int)copyToArray(xs: Array[Byte], start: Int, offset: Long, size: Int)
```

#### Description

Copies the contents of this vector into the specified array starting at the specified index.

#### Parameters

* `xs` — The array to copy into.

> * `start` — The index in the array to start copying at.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `start` — The index in the array xs to start copying at.
```

* `offset` — The offset in this vector to start copying from. Defaults to zero.
* `size` — The number of bytes to copy.

#### Returns

_*None*_

#### Errors

> _*None*_

Reviewer: What if `size` or `start` or `offset` are out of bounds? Or if `xs` does not have enough space allocated?
